Add DV garbage collection doc (#2408)
kubevirt/containerized-data-importer: doc/datavolumes.md

# Data Volumes

## Introduction
Data Volumes(DV) are an abstraction on top of Persistent Volume Claims(PVC) and the Containerized Data Importer(CDI). The DV will monitor and orchestrate the import/upload/clone of the data into the PVC.

Why is this an improvement over simply looking at the state annotation created and managed by CDI? Data Volumes provide a versioned API that other projects like [Kubevirt](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt) can integrate with. This way those projects can rely on an API staying the same for a particular version and have guarantees about what that API will look like. Any changes to the API will result in a new version of the API.

### Garbage collection of successfully completed DataVolumes

> Once the PVC population process is completed, its corresponding DV can be either garbage collected or remain. GC can be dynamically configured in [CDIConfig](cdi-config.md), so we recommend users not to assume the DV exists after completion. When the desired PVC exists, but its DV does not exist, it means that the PVC was successfully populated and the DV was garbage collected. To prevent a DV from being garbage collected, it should be annotated with:

Reviewer: I am kind of missing the motivation of why we would want the DVs garbage collected. Its great that it happens, but why? I would mention something that once the PVC is fully populated the DV no longer server a purpose, and it sometimes confuses people thinking they should modify the DV to have the matching PVC react. In particular resizing PVCs seems to confuse people because they see the DV.

Author: added

# Data Volumes

## Introduction
Data Volumes(DV) are an abstraction on top of Persistent Volume Claims(PVC) and the Containerized Data Importer(CDI). The DV will monitor and orchestrate the import/upload/clone of the data into the PVC.

Why is this an improvement over simply looking at the state annotation created and managed by CDI? Data Volumes provide a versioned API that other projects like [Kubevirt](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt) can integrate with. This way those projects can rely on an API staying the same for a particular version and have guarantees about what that API will look like. Any changes to the API will result in a new version of the API.

> ### Garbage collection of successfully completed DataVolumes
> Once the PVC population process is completed, its DV can be either garbage collected or remain. GC can be dynamically set in [CDIConfig](cdi-config.md), so we recommend users not to assume the DV exists after completion. When the desired PVC exists, but its DV does not exist, it says the PVC was successfully populated and the DV was garbage collected. To prevent a DV from being garbage collected, it should be annotated with:
> ```yaml
> cdi.kubevirt.io/storage.deleteAfterCompletion: "false"
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Garbage collection of successfully completed DataVolumes
Once the PVC population process is completed, its corresponding DV can be either garbage collected or remain. GC can be dynamically configured in [CDIConfig](cdi-config.md), so we recommend users not to assume the DV exists after completion. When the desired PVC exists, but its DV does not exist, it means that the PVC was successfully populated and the DV was garbage collected. To prevent a DV from being garbage collected, it should be annotated with:
```yaml
cdi.kubevirt.io/storage.deleteAfterCompletion: "false"
```
```

Reviewer 2: small changes
